Extend information in README (#229)
chameleon-system/chameleon-system: README.md

> <p align="center">

Reviewer: This works (HTML)?

Author: Yes, see the rendered page on my fork.

    <a href="https://chameleonsystem.com" target="_blank">

>         <img src="https://demo.chameleon-system.de/chameleon/mediapool/8/ae/chameleon-logo_id3834.png">

Reviewer: Is this URL stable in future?

Author: At least for now it's good enough - may change in the future.

    </a>
    <br />
    <span>
        The E-Business Platform
    </span>
</p>

Chameleon System is e-commerce and content management redefined: Flexible, based on Symfony, customer- and
project-oriented. Chameleon is a product of the [ESONO AG](https://www.esono.de/).

Demo
----

Find a demo at [https://demo.chameleon-system.de](https://demo.chameleon-system.de)

Documentation
-------------

The user manual and technical documentation in English language are currently in progress.

The user manual in German language is available here: [https://manual.chameleon-system.de](https://manual.chameleon-system.de)

Installation
------------

> TBA

Reviewer: Work in progress - also this PR?

Author: Nope, this needs yet some work by @proligde and me (I propose PRs only if they are ready to merge from my view, or add "WIP" to the title).

License
-------

Chameleon System is licensed under the MIT License. See the complete license under `LICENSE` for details.
Some Chameleon repositories also include works under other copyright notices; a `THIRD-PARTY-LICENSE` file will then
provide further license information. 

Reporting an Issue or a Feature Request
---------------------------------------

Please report issues and feature requests at the official [GitHub repository](https://github.com/chameleon-system/chameleon-system/issues).

> Issues for the basic Chameleon repositories chameleon-base and chameleon-shop are also centralized in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues for the Chameleon repositories chameleon-base and chameleon-shop are also handled centrally in this repository.
```
